## Summary of the 10-13th week

> Time goes fast. I don't know how I went through. But it's really a good time to reboot my summary work, which push me go forward again and agian, day by day. I found I can't keep it away.

let's me summarize the four weeks.The beginning is at 27th May. It's the time I thought I can enter the learning state, I have to face an important day. The untold truth is my birthday. I went into 19 at May 30. On that day, the world is quiet and lonely -- every day is so, isn't it? I was not sad, but I was not happy, too. When the subway 13 went by Wudaokou, my heart was brokenly burning. I must keep myself going, to touch and realize my dream. And I said nothing all day. I was only watched the scene out of windows. After my birthday, at May 31st's morning, Somebody give me birthday wishes. The wishes roused many feelings and thoughts in my mind. The fate changes with no rules. The most sad word I said is, 'I can not make friends heart to heart'. The important and special day made my plan delayed about 5 days. 

Then time went to Children's day -- June 1st. I began to disscuss and chat with my teachers. I wanted to know how can I get higher scores, and I really prepared for lots of exams seriously. I was preparing for exams and taking them until today, and it will be kept to July 8th. Now, I have finished most exams, and in the next I only need to finish 5 exams.

Things have changed since the afternoon of June 9. ~~YQ·L had finish her College-Entrance-Examination, I began to get close to her. I take many measures. For example, I talked many times with her, and I decided to learn some knowledge about COC, FGO and so on. Relationship is becoming closer. Good work.~~

During this period, I focused on City-Impression and TCKC. I found 2 persons who are not honest and hardly trustable. The details are not satisfying: I had been asked many times when they can go HOME and take videos together, but they answered me 'not known' all times. But when I met with ~~Ma~~, he told me the truth is they can go HOME about in early July -- which is also the time I begin to have lots of times to take and make TCKC videos. Not a very very serious mistake, but it's really made me cannot trust them. I'd make a decision, that is, I will not cooperate with them. And I don't think they can be my really friends. After this event, I found ~~Ma~~ stand with me in such a difficult time, I think he is more reliable than the other two. ~~Maybe I've gain another really friend. ~~

Then I put all my energy on gaining a good score of the first school year which is very important for me. I even couldn't have a good sleep for about five days and face difficulties within a badly tough time limit. Maybe this is the reason why I feel really relaxed for these two days. What I've done is not worth mentioning, I just want to tell you a word -- '**keep going**'. I was so tired that I had a fever at the morning in the first day of my military training. The bad status lasted for two days. During this time, I learnt Database to take the final exam. I wrote very fast and I think I can take a good score. What is most interesting, the invigilator also praised me a few words. That might be only one thing which make me feel worthy and happy in this month I suffered, I think.

Then time comes now. I've have a good rest for two days with a good wheather -- I am extremely comfortable between the sunshine and the summer breeze. **I know I still have many many tasks to complete, but I'll never give up. I'll KEEP GOING, and walk or run to the sun.** Life is not easy. I want to tell something, but I think it's still not worth mentioning. Wish you more happiness. Good Night.

23:38 6/23/2021 by Zhang Hanzhe